# CS-300
The problem that these projects solved were implementing and using data structures and Project One was creating ABCU course pseudocode for program that opens the file, reads the data from the file, parses each line, and checks for file format errors using different data structures like Binary Search Tree, HashTables, and Vectors. Then going through each data structure and deciding which would be the best fit for the application. The second project involved creating a code that reads information from a file, lets the user either load file data into the chosen data structure, print an alphanumeric list of all the courses in the Computer Science department and, print the course title and the prerequisites for any individual course after choosing the best data structure. I approached the problem by using data structures, learning and implementing, and understanding their differences and strengths. The roadblocks were overcome by working with snd better understanding the different data structures and what htye do and debugging a lot. The work in these projects expanded my approach to designing software and developing programs by showing me how efficient and useful having the right data structure can be, learning to use them, and understand them. another way my worked in these projects evolved the way I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable by showing me how useful using pseudocode and data structures can be in code. The pseudocode is something I had trouble with because it wasn't something I learned when I first started programming and I learned how to write and use it in a previous so being able to use and better understand pseudocode and using and working with different data structures. 
